ARITY/PROLOG32 ERROR MESSAGES
Arity/Prolog32 Version 1.0
February 1993
Copyright (c) 1993, Arity Corporation
-------------------------------------


FILE ERROR MESSAGES
-------------------

ERR 1001 File not found
The file as typed does not exist.

ERR 1002 Path not found
The path specified is not a valid path.

ERR 1003 Too many open files
You have exceeded the OS/2 open file limit. The default is 20.	You
can adjust this will the FILES environment parameter.

ERR 1004 Access denied
Attempt to use a file which is restricted in use. For example,
attempting to write to a read-only file.

ERR 1005 Invalid handle
The handle specified does not exist.

ERR 1006 Attempted to remove the current directory
You cannot remove the current directory.

ERR 1007 Cannot rename to different device
When renaming a file, drive specifications must be identical.

ERR 1008 Disk full
A write operation was unsuccessful because of lack of space.


SYNTAX ERROR MESSAGES
---------------------

SYNTAX 1 Error using operators.
The term you have typed does not conform to the Prolog language
syntax. Check for spelling errors or incomplete or invalid terms.

SYNTAX 2 Atom or variable name too long.
The length of an atom or variable name exceeds 255 characters.
Shorten the name of the atom or variable in your program.

SYNTAX 3 Error in list syntax.
There is missing or inappropriate punctuation for a list.  Correctly
enter the list.

SYNTAX 4 Error in database ref token.
You have made an error in entering a database reference.  Database
references are entered using a tilde (~) followed by eight
hexadecimal digits.

SYNTAX 5 Right snip (!]) not found where expected.
You have entered a term that contains a left snip ([!) without a
matching right snip (!]).

SYNTAX 6 Invalid punctuation character.
You have entered a punctuation character that is inappropriate and
cannot be translated. Correctly enter the term.

SYNTAX 7 Precedence error using operators.
The Prolog reader is not able to determine the precedence of
operators within a clause. Use parentheses to disambiguate the
expression.

SYNTAX 8 Right brace not found where expected.
The term has a left brace ({) without a corresponding right
brace (}). Correct the term.

SYNTAX 9 Right paren not found where expected.
The term has a left parenthesis "(" without a corresponding right
parenthesis ")". Correct the term.

SYNTAX 10 Invalid numeric entry.
A number has been entered in an invalid format. For instance,
specifying 12E1099 would cause this error message since 1099 is
beyond the upper limit for scientific notation format.


ARITY/PROLOG32 SYSTEM ERROR MESSAGES
------------------------------------
ERR 101 Unexpected system error
Error Code passed to prologerrmsg was invalid.

ERR 102 Unexpected fileerror
An unknown error occurred during a file access.

ERR 103 Database error
An error occurred during a database access.  Often this error
will occur if an attempt is made to store a term larger than
the 4K page size. Alternatively, check for bad database reference
or malfunctioning disk.

ERR 104 Not enough memory for startup
Prolog cannot allocate memory for the stacks during start-up.  Try
removing memory-resident software. Try using overlays.

ERR 106 Internal windows driver error
You should never see this message. Call the Arity/Support Hotline
at (508) 371-1243.

ERR 107 Error while restoring database
The database for the application could not be found/or was found to
be corrupt.

ERR 108 Error writing a page to disk - disk probably full
The disk to which writing is attempted is full.

ERR 109 Could not create overflow file
Arity/Prolog cannot create the database overflow file. Check the
overflow file specification in the environment file.  Remember that
Arity/Prolog tries to place teh overflow file in the directory
specified by the TMP variable and this directory must exist.

ERR 110 Maximum number of Prolog threads exceeded
A Prolog prolog can have a maximum of 64 threads.  If your program
has more than this, you're probably doing something wrong.

ERR 200 Illegal use of an erased ref or key
The instance or replace predicates cannot be used with erased
database reference numbers or keys. Correct your program.

ERR 201 Attempt to erase something that has already been erased
You have already erased the term you are attempting to erase.
Correct your program.

ERR 202 Attempt to hard_erase something that has already been hard_erased
You have already hard_erased the term you are attempting to hard_erase.
Correct your program.

ERR 203 Invalid database access
The database reference you are using is invalid. Correct your program

ERR 204 A non-existent page or page-table was accessed
The database reference looks valid, but in fact references a part of
the database that has not yet been created.

ERR 205 Illegal format for database file
The database file is not in a format compatible with Arity32/Prolog
Version 1.0.

ERR 206 Database file not found
Arity32/Prolog cannot find the database file. Check the overflow file
specification in the environment file.

ERR 208 Database full
The virtual database size has grown beyond the 2 gigabyte limit.

ERR 211 Not enough local stack
Your program requires more local stack space than the system can
provide. You can increase the size of the local stack in the
environment file.  The default size is 1Mb.

ERR 212 Not enough global stack
Your program requires more global stack space than the system can
provide. You can increase the size of the global stack in the
environment file up to 64K. The default size is 1Mb.

ERR 214 Error while saving database
Not enough room to complete save. Since save does not remove the old
database until a new one is created (hence a "safe save"), there must
be twice the size of the database available on diskette.

ERR 215 Prolog predicate called as a C function failed.
A predicate used as a function should not fail. Correct your program.

ERR 216 Invalid return type of function
Return type of function can not be cast to expected value. Correct
your program.

ERR 217 Run-time type error in embedded C expression
Prolog variable instantiated to a value that can not be cast to type
defined in embedded C expression. Correct your program.

ERR 217 Thread not initialized for Prolog
An attempt to execute prolog code was made without first
calling PrologInitThread.

ERR 503 Attempt to redefine built-in predicate -- <name/arity>
You have consulted a predicate which has the same name as an
Arity/Prolog32 built-in predicate. Rename the predicate.

ERR 504 Begin without End in resource definition -- <name>
You did not include an end_dialog, end_choices or end_menu specifier
for a corresponding "begin" specifier in your definitions file. The
name of the dialog, menu, or choices key is listed. Check the
definitions file for inconsistencies.

ERR 505 Error in dialog control definition -- <Dialog:Control>
There is an error in a control definition for the specified dialog
box. Check the definition of the control.

ERR 506 Illegal menu item definition -- <Menu:Item>
There is an error in a menu item definition for the specified menu.
Check the definition of the menu item.

ERR 507 Include File not fount -- <File>
The file specified in the include directive could not be found.

ERR 508 Error in macro expansion -- <<Term is Expression>>
An attempt to evaluate Expression to substitute for Term was made,
but Expression evaluated to 'err'.

ERR 509 :- elif without corresponding :- if
An elif declaration was found without a preceding if declaration.

ERR 510 :- endif without corresponding :- if
An endif directive was found without a preceding if directive.

ERR 511 Warning, redefining macro -- <<Macro>>
An additional define declaration was found for Macro. The latest
definition is used.


C.4 Arity/Prolog32 Compiler error messages

APC1503: Error creating object file -- <filename>
An OS/2 file error occurred while writing an object file, such as
an incorrect path was specified, or there is not enough room on the
disk.

APC1505: Illegal atomic goal -- <goal>
The goal is not executable.  For example, the following predicate
would cause this message since 4 is not a satisfiable goal: try :- 4.

APC1506: Illegal syntax in case expression -- <term>
You have incorrectly use the case construct. The correct form is
case([A1-> B1, A2 -> B2 , ... | C]). That is,  "If A1, then B1;
if A2, then B2; and so on, or else C." Correct the construct and
recompile.

APC1507: Illegal directive -- <directive>
There is an error in a compiler directive. The directive is
indicated. Correct the directive and recompile.

APC1508: No definition for public predicate -- <name/arity>
APC1509: No definition for predicate -- <name/arity>
APC1510: No definition for visible predicate -- <name/arity>
A program references a clause that is not found in the current
program file and that is not declared as extrn. Check that you have
defined all the necessary predicates and recompile.

APC1511: Input file not found -- <filename>
The specified input file could not be found. Check for spelling
errors or invalid path specifications.

APC1512: Module size exceeds system limit - break into smaller modules
The module has overflowed the compilers internal limit on the size
of object code. You will need to create more than one module from
this one.

APC1513: No compiled arithmetic can be interpreted
Embedded C expressions must be compiled and therefor can not be
passed as an argument to a predicate to be "called", such as
setof/3, stdinout/3 or call/1.

APC1521: Tokenization Error
Unable to tokenize a C declaration. Correct your code.

APC1522: Pragma not defined
The pragma was ignored by the compiler. Correct your code.

APC1523: Include File Not Found: <<File>>
Arity/Prolog32 cannot find the include file. Check for the correct
spelling and path specification

APC1524: Warning: redefinition of symbol <symbol>
Preprocessor symbol was already defined. Second definition is
ignored by  the compiler. Correct your code.

APC1525: Auto declaration not supported
Auto declaration totally ignored by the compiler. Correct your code.

APC1526: Register declaration not supported
Register declaration completely ignored by the compiler. Correct
your code.

APC1527: Struc/Enum/Tag  tag> is already defined
Tag is already used, second definition is ignored.
Correct your code.

APC1528: Void element of union or structure
Elements of structures and unions can not be void.
Correct your code.

APC1529: Function element of union or structure
Elements of structures and unions can not be a function.
Correct your code.

APC1530: Name <identifier> is already defined
Second attempt to define identifier ignored by compiler.
Correct your code.

APC1531: Extrn variable <name> cannot be inited:
Objects can only be intialized in declarations where they are
defined. Correct your code.

APC1532: Invalid type <type>
The type your have specified has not been defined. Use typedef to
define this type.

APC1533: Warning: Type <type> ignored
Arity/Prolog does not recognize the const or volatile types. The
compiler will, however, process the rest of the declaration.

APC1534: Modifier <modifier> illegal in context:
The object of the modifier should be an identifier or a pointer.
Correct your code.

APC1535: Found <token1 >when looking for <token2>
The wrong token was found during parsing, check your code for
possible corrections.

APC1536: Warning: Huge declaration  treated as farignored
Arity/Prolog will process the huge declration as a far.

APC1537: Syntax Error
Syntax error parsing a C declaration. Correct your code to match
ANSI C standard syntax.

APC1538: Declaration Error
Although the compiler was able to parse this declaration, it was
not able to determine the correct meaning. Correct your code.

APC1539: #endif, #elif, or #else without matching #if
These pragmas need a corresponding #if, #ifdef or #ifndef.

APC1540: Undefined identifier <identifier>
A valid C identifier used in a C expression without having been
declared.  Correct your code.

APC1541: Warning: sizeof() returns 0
The sizeof operation is returning a value of zero for a given
identifier.

APC1542: Warning: Address of an array - ignored
The & operator was applied to an array identifier, which
is already considered to be the address of the object. The operation
is ignored.

APC1546: Warning: Subtraction of pointers with different types ordistances
Pointer subtraction is performed on the offset portion of the
pointer, and based on the size of the object pointed at. Check your
code to insure that this will not affect the result.

APC1547: General expression failure
Syntax Error in an embedded C expression. Correct your code.

APC1548: Illegal arguments for operator <operator>
The types of the arguments to operator are invalid.

APC1549: Illegal 'is' assignment
The left-hand side of 'is' is either not a prolog variable or the
type of the right-hand side cannot be assigned to a prolog var
(such as a struct). Correct your code.

APC1550: Illegal assignment
Result of right-hand side can not be cast to type of left-hand side
or left-hand side is not a legal lvalue. Correct your code

APC1551: Cannot compute address of argument (&)
Address of argument (such as constant) cannot be computed.
Correct your code.

APC1552: Cannot dereference expression (*)
The argument of '*' is not an address and therefore cannot be
dereferenced.  Correct your code.

APC1553: Invalid pointer operation
A pointer is being used incorrectly in an embedded C expression.
Correct your code.

APC1554: Size of object is 0 in pointer arithmetic
Pointer arithmetic depends on the size of objects pointed to. This
size may not be zero. Correct your code.

APC1555: Divide by 0 error in expression
Dividing by 0 can give undefined results and is therefore not
allowed. Correct your code.

APC1556: Illegal declaration
Right-hand side is an invalid type or left-hand side is not a
variable or valid identifier in an embedded C expression. Correct
your code.

APC1557: Attempt to redefine automatic identifier
Attempt to define a variable twice within an embedded C expression.
Correct your code.

APC1558: Error in selection of member of struct or union
Identifier used to select member of structure or union is not a
valid member selector. Correct your code.

APC1559: Illegal argument in sizeof()
The argument was not an identifier or type name.
Correct your program.

APC1560: Illegal function argument
Argument can not be cast to type in function declaration.
Correct your program.

APC1561: Illegal cast
The type of the cast or the argument is invalid.
Correct your program.

APC1562: Unknown error compiling C expression
Invalid embedded C expression. Correct your code.

APC1563: Warning: Too many actual parameters
APC1564: Warning: Too few actual parameters
The number of parameters in the function call does not match the
number of arguments in the function declaration.

APC1565: Warning: Formal parameter ignored
The unspecified parameter will not be typechecked or coerced.

APC1566: Struc/Enum/Tag <Tag> is undefined
An attempt to use Tag has been made without it previously
being defined.

APC1567: Warning: Conflicting segmodule declarations for module: <Module>
Module is used in more than one segmodule declaration which attempt
to place it in more than one segment.

APC1568: Module <Module> used in extrn declaration without segmodule declaration
Module is used in a module(Module) suffix without a corresponding
segmodule declaration to determine which segment it is in.

APC1569: Predicate <Pred1> used undefined predicate <Pred2>
Pred2 is neither declared in this module nor defined in this module and
it is used by Pred1.
